I found a love for me
Darling, dive right in
And follow my lead
Well I found a boy
Beautiful and sweet
I never knew you were the someone waiting for me
Cause we were just kids when we fell in love
Not knowing what it was
I will not give you up this time
But darling, just kiss me slow
Your heart is all I own and in your eyes you're holding mine
Baby, I'm dancing in the dark with you between my arms
Barefoot on the grass listening to our favourite song
When you said you looked a mess I whispered under my breath
But you heard it darling you look perfect tonight
Well I found a man stronger than anyone I know
He shares my dreams I hope that someday I'll share his home
I found a love, to carry more than just my secrets
To carry love to carry children of our own
we are still kids and we're so in love
Fighting against all odds i know we'll be alright this time
Darling just hold my hand be your girl, you'll be my man
I see my future in your eyes
Baby, I'm dancing in the dark
with you between my arms barefoot on the grass
Listening to our favourite song
I have faith in what I see now I know I have met
An angel in person and he looks perfect
I don't deserve this
You look perfect tonight
Please subscribe Emma this was a great song -Subtitle author out :D
Hope you enjoyed this.